Work back and in this lesson we're going to be looking at even more that we can do within the window
as object.
So we saw earlier that we can add an unclick so we can use functions within there as well so we can
also add in built in methods that are already available within the Windows object.
So I can do something like print.
So now when I go back and refresh it and I'm just going to read page 1 so to avoid any type of confusion
just to make sure that I'm actually on the page that I am updating the code in.
So I am on index and now instead of back.
Actually we should update this to say print because this is no longer going to take us back.
So one more time let's refresh the page.
Let's save it and go back refreshed the page so we can actually send this to a printer if we want it
to.
So this is another built in object and we already saw that we had prompt so prompt was one that we were
working with before and that gave us the ability to type in a question.
And one thing that I do want to make note of here is that see see what's happening here that this statement
here within the javascript the prompt it's not looking right and that's because the on click always
requires quotes around it.
So if you're creating javascript in here that also requires quotes mixture that you single code and
that or that you break out of break out of the courts.
So now if I actually do this and if I go back at it and if I refresh the page so try that again and
instead set print or I should update this to say prompt so save it and let's go back and refresh the
page.
So now it'll save prompt and we see we get that hello world.
So be always mindful of the fact if you're using the on click attribute that you do need to be careful
with the quotes.
So make sure that you escape the quotes properly.
So if you're using doubles to wrap the statement then make sure that you're using singles inside of
it as well and it does get tricky.
So this is one thing to always watch out for.
So we don't want you to do now is paused the video and try this for yourself.
Create a few inputs here.
So have a button to prompt it to alert and say hello world.
So one button to pop up an alert and the other button to print the content of the window.
And within your output here within the alert be careful of escaping the quotes properly.
So make sure that you're not double and single so make sure that those are proper and try it for yourself
and to make things even more interesting say something like Hello worlds what the apostrophe s just
like that.
And do that without actually breaking out of the quotes.
And as we saw earlier the way to do that is to escape the quotes by doing the backslash saving it.
And now if I change this to an alert and update this to say alert I was well so go into the page refresh
it hit the alert and you can see that you can have hello world.
So you have that apostrophe s within your within your string value.
So do try to it for yourself create the alert create the print window and the next lesson we're going
to look at timeouts.